Built monorepo handbook (#1881)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/handbook/building-your-app.mdx

import { Tabs, Tab } from '../../../components/Tabs'
import Callout from '../../../components/Callout'

# Building your App

> Unless your monorepo is only used for [publishing packages to NPM](/docs/handbook/publishing-packages/basics), it will likely contain at least one application. Co-ordinating your app's builds with Turborepo can lead to some extraordinary gains in speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless your monorepo is only used for [publishing packages to NPM](/docs/handbook/publishing-packages/basics), it will likely contain at least one application. Coordinating your app and package builds with Turborepo can lead to some extraordinary gains in speed.
```

Author: This section is about building your app, not package.

Reviewer: "Coordinating" made it sound like you're teaching users about how Turborepo can coordinate dependencies between workspaces. Two apps probably don't need to "coordinate" anything, they just build 🤷🏾

## Setting up the build

> Turborepo works by keeping your workspace's tasks where they belong - in each workspace's `package.json`. Let's imagine you have a monorepo that looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turborepo works by keeping your workspace tasks where they belong - in each workspace's `package.json`. Let's imagine you have a monorepo that looks like this:
```
